Hey hello BSES its Nathan with my
massive hand and today we're gonna look
at some special edition packaging game
actually a Nintendo 64 South Riley
this game is very nostalgic for me even
though critics hated this thing a claim
did a very bad job but me and my brother
hate this so much
on the PlayStation and pick this up at
least six months ago with the Box in the
book so let's have a look okay
I'll stand link any olan vehicles common
coffee a wonderful players face up
against common grandpa's blah blah blah
blah screenshots dirty
this game I think is really fun really
and 15 plus dude do is open it up have a
look inside
okay introducing c4 manuals
fly first thing yeah
what's that the conscience is not here
it's good it's over here yeah
another manual now with all Nintendo
things from the late nineties or 90s
through to early 2000 it would ship with
big commercial things showing that other
Marzuki for Xhosa yeah
and also to see game play so yeah these
things are pretty sweet I wish I had
more of them yeah
the box is useless to us right now
ballots in manual oh it's not black or
white you expect anything more from the
plague probably not bear the public is
better
yeah just typical black blood and the
game thought itself here it is just
shows Coughlin as a cult there's no
other characters old it sounds like
really
there's people oh I love this game
if you can pick it out cheap like I
picked this up with the books and
everything for ten bucks do it if not
even if you don't even like go get it
it's down to for me